.\"(c) Copyright 2003 by Erdal Mutlu
.\"(c) Sections Copyright 2003 by Erdal Mutlu
.\"All rights reserved.  The file named COPYRIGHT specifies the terms 
.\"and conditions for redistribution.
.\"
.\" $Id: sisiyaqd.conf.5 68 2005-02-17 17:29:46Z emutlu $
.TH SISIYAQD.CONF 8 "28 January 2003"
.\" *************************** NAME *********************************
.SH NAME
sisiyaqd.conf \- Configuration file for SisIYA server.
.\" *********************** DESCRIPTION ****************************
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "sisiyaqd.conf"
is the configuration file that controls \fBsisiyaqd\fP server.
Any line whose first non-white-space character is a '#' is considered
a comment line. Empty lines are ignored.
.LP
The file contains entries of the form:
.TP
.B KEY=VALUE
.LP
Each entry defines a value for the key (parameter). There are default values for all keys.
These default values are initially installed by the SisIYA package.
.TP
Here are the parameters (keys) :
.TP
.B LOGLEVEL
This is the level of how much, the \fBsisiyad\fP server is going to log via syslog.
Available values are 0,1,2 and 3. The default is 0, which means do not log. 3 is the most
verbose level.
.TP
.B SLEEP_SECONDS
This is the amount of time between in seconds to wait between queue processing.
This value is only used by the SisIYA's queue processor daemon \fBsisiyaqd\fP. The default value is 30.
.TP
.B DB_SERVER
This is the IP number of the database server. The default value is localhost.
.TP
.B DB_TYPE
This is the type of database. There are two possible values for now: PostgreSQL or MySQL.
The default value is PostgreSQL.
.TP
.B DB_NAME
The \fBSisIYA\fP database name. If you didn't change the database name, its value
is \fBsisiya\fP.
.TP
.B DB_USER
The \fBSisIYA\fP database user name. If you didn't change it, its value is \fBsisiyauser\fP
.TP
.B DB_PASSWORD
This is the pasword for the DB_USER. The dafult value is \fBsisiyauser1\. You should
change this default password to something else.
.\" *********************** EXAMPLE ****************************
.SH EXAMPLE
.LP
.PD .1v
.RS
.nf
### Process ID file, where the PID of the SisIYA queue processor server is stored.
#QPID_FILE=/var/run/sisiyaqd.pid

### debug level 0-3. 0 no log output. 3 verbose. 
### Default is 0
#LOGLEVEL=0
#
#
### sleep the speciefied number of seconds between queue processesing
### This value is used bye the SisIYA queue processor daemon (sisiyaqd)
#SLEEP_SECONDS=30

### DB info
#
### DB default values are ######################
#DB_SERVER=localhost
#DB_TYPE=PostgreSQL
#DB_NAME=sisiya
#DB_USER=sisiyauser
#DB_PASSWORD=sisiyauser1
##### End of default values for DB info ##### 
.PD
.\" *********************** SEE ALSO ****************************
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.I "sisiyad(8), sisiyad.conf(5)"
.LP
.I "http://sisiya.sourcefourge.net"
.\" *********************** AUTHOR ****************************
.SH AUTHOR
Erdal Mutlu

