.\"(c) Copyright 2003 by Erdal Mutlu
.\"(c) Sections Copyright 2003 by Erdal Mutlu
.\"All rights reserved.  The file named COPYRIGHT specifies the terms 
.\"and conditions for redistribution.
.\"
.\" $Id: sisiya_httpd.8 48 2005-02-10 12:14:12Z emutlu $
.TH SISIYA_HTTPD 8 "09 January 2005"
.\" *************************** NAME *********************************
.SH NAME
sisiya_httpd \- The SisIYA HTTP server.
.\" *************************** SYNOPSIS *********************************
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sisiya_httpd
config_file_name
.\" *************************** DESCRIPTION *********************************
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBsisiya_httpd\fP is a part of SisIYA - a system monitoring tool.
\fBsisiya_httpd\fP listens for connections on the port speciefied in the
configuration file for HTTP clients. It uses a modular system to monitor the system.
Every module produces a HTML output containing monitoring data. Modules are simple
wrappers for commands such as df, ps, top and etc. Information can be displayed by
a HTTP browser pointing at http://server:PORT/module_name .
.\" *********************** CONTROLLING sisiya_httpd ****************************
.SH "CONTROLLING SISIYA_HTTPD"
.LP
\fBsisiya_httpd\fP performs certain actions when it receives certain signals.
.TP 15
.B SIGHUP
causes a hard reconfiguration, which means that \fBsisiya_httpd\fP re-reads 
the configuration file.
.TP
.B SIGQUIT
causes clean program termination.
.TP
.B SIGTERM
the same as SIGQUIT.
.TP
.B SIGUSR1
causes the \fBsisiya_httpd\fP server process to print its configuration values via syslog.
.\" *********************** FILES ****************************
.SH FILES
.LP
.PD .1v
.TP 20
.B /etc/sisiya_httpd.conf
default configuration file
.PD
.\" *********************** SEE ALSO ****************************
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.I "sisiya_httpd.conf(5),"
.LP
.I "http://sisiya.sourcefourge.net"
.\" *********************** AUTHOR ****************************
.SH AUTHOR
Erdal Mutlu
.\" *********************** PRONUNCIATION ****************************
.SH PRONUNCIATION
sisiya

