.\"(c) Copyright 2003 by Erdal Mutlu
.\"(c) Sections Copyright 2003 by Erdal Mutlu
.\"All rights reserved.  The file named COPYRIGHT specifies the terms 
.\"and conditions for redistribution.
.\"
.\" $Id: sisiyad.conf.5 304 2006-01-02 14:39:53Z emutlu $
.TH SISIYAD.CONF 8 "28 January 2003"
.\" *************************** NAME *********************************
.SH NAME
sisiyad.conf \- Configuration file for SisIYA server.
.\" *********************** DESCRIPTION ****************************
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "sisiyad.conf"
is the configuration file that controls \fBsisiyad\fP server.
Any line whose first non-white-space character is a '#' is considered
a comment line. Empty lines are ignored.
.LP
The file contains entries of the form:
.TP
.B KEY=VALUE
.LP
Each entry defines a value for the key (parameter). There are default values for all keys.
These default values are initially installed by the SisIYA package.
.TP
Here are the parameters (keys) :
.TP
.B SEMKEY 
This is the semaphor key value, which is used by the \fBsisiyad\fP server processes to syncronize
each other when inserting data into the database system. Default is 11 (eleven). You will not 
normally need to change this default. You will need to change it only than when there is another process
which uses the same key for a semaphor. In this case you would probably had a very strange problem to
debug and finally found the solution:  SisIYA and that process are using the same key:-(
.TP
.B LOGLEVEL
This is the level of how much, the \fBsisiyad\fP server is going to log via syslog.
Available values are 0,1,2 and 3. The default is 0, which means do not log. 3 is the most
verbose level.
.TP
.B IP
With this parameter one can specify on which interface or IP should the \fBsisiyad\fP
server listen to the incomming connections. The dafult is \fBany\fP, which means listen to 
any interface that the server has.
.TP
.B PORT
The port number on which the \fBsisiyad\fP server listens. The default value is 8888.
.TP
.B DB_SERVER
This is the IP number of the database server. The default value is localhost.
.TP
.B DB_TYPE
This is the type of database. There are two possible values for now: PostgreSQL or MySQL.
The default value is MySQL.
.TP
.B DB_NAME
The \fBSisIYA\fP database name. If you didn't change the database name, its value
is \fBsisiya\fP.
.TP
.B DB_USER
The \fBSisIYA\fP database user name. If you didn't change it, its value is \fBsisiyauser\fP
.TP
.B DB_PASSWORD
This is the pasword for the DB_USER. The dafult value is \fBsisiyauser1\. You should
change this default password to something else.
.\" *********************** EXAMPLE ****************************
.SH EXAMPLE
.LP
.PD .1v
.RS
.nf
### Process ID file, where the PID of the SisIYA server is stored.
#PID_FILE=/var/run/sisiyad.pid

### Semaphor key value. Normally there is no need to change this value.
#SEMKEY=11

### debug level 0-3. 0 no log output. 3 verbose. 
### Default is 0
#LOGLEVEL=0
#
#
### Interface to listen : IP, localhost, any=0.0.0.0 
### Default is any 
#IP=localhost 
#IP=any

### port to listen
### Default is 8888
#PORT=8888

### DB info
#
### DB default values are ######################
#DB_SERVER=localhost
#DB_TYPE=MySQL
#DB_NAME=sisiya
#DB_USER=sisiyauser
#DB_PASSWORD=sisiyauser1
##### End of default values for DB info ##### 
.PD
.\" *********************** SEE ALSO ****************************
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.I "sisiyad(8)"
.LP
.I "http://sisiya.sourcefourge.net"
.\" *********************** AUTHOR ****************************
.SH AUTHOR
Erdal Mutlu

