.\"(c) Copyright 2003 by Erdal Mutlu
.\"(c) Sections Copyright 2003 by Erdal Mutlu
.\"All rights reserved.  The file named COPYRIGHT specifies the terms 
.\"and conditions for redistribution.
.\"
.\" $Id: sisiyad.8 304 2006-01-02 14:39:53Z emutlu $
.TH SISIYAD 8 "28 January 2003"
.\" *************************** NAME *********************************
.SH NAME
sisiyad \- The SisIYA server.
.\" *************************** SYNOPSIS *********************************
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sisiyad
config_file_name
.\" *************************** DESCRIPTION *********************************
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBsisiyad\fP is a part of SisIYA - a system monitoring tool.
\fBsisiyad\fP listens for connections from SisIYA clients. When there is
a connection from a SisIYA client, than it insert the message into
a database. The daemon uses sisiya-edbc-libs package for its database operations.
This package contains shared objects for supported databases. At the moment MySQL and
PostgreSQL are the only supported datbases. 
.\" *********************** CONTROLLING sisiyad ****************************
.SH "CONTROLLING SISIYAD"
.LP
\fBsisiyad\fP performs certain actions when it receives certain signals.
.TP 15
.B SIGHUP
causes a hard reconfiguration, which means that \fBsisiyad\fP re-reads 
the configuration file.
.TP
.B SIGQUIT
causes clean program termination.
.TP
.B SIGTERM
the same as SIGQUIT.
.TP
.B SIGUSR1
causes the \fBsisiyad\fP server process to print its configuration values via syslog.
.\" *********************** FILES ****************************
.SH FILES
.LP
.PD .1v
.TP 20
.B /etc/sisiyad.conf
default configuration file
.PD
.\" *********************** SEE ALSO ****************************
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.I "sisiyad.conf(5),"
.LP
.I "http://sisiya.sourcefourge.net"
.\" *********************** AUTHOR ****************************
.SH AUTHOR
Erdal Mutlu
.\" *********************** PRONUNCIATION ****************************
.SH PRONUNCIATION
sisiya

