.\"(c) Copyright 2003 by Erdal Mutlu
.\"(c) Sections Copyright 2003 by Erdal Mutlu
.\"All rights reserved.  The file named COPYRIGHT specifies the terms 
.\"and conditions for redistribution.
.\"
.\" $Id: sisiyaqd.8 68 2005-02-17 17:29:46Z emutlu $
.TH SISIYAQD 8 "15 January 2005"
.\" *************************** NAME *********************************
.SH NAME
sisiyaqd \- The SisIYA queue processor server.
.\" *************************** SYNOPSIS *********************************
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sisiyaqd
config_file_name
.\" *************************** DESCRIPTION *********************************
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBsisiyaqd\fP is a part of SisIYA - a system monitoring tool.
\fBsisiyaqd\fP updates the SisIYA database from records of the
systemhistorystatusqueue table. This table is populated by the 
\fBsisiyad\fP server, when it recieves client messages. The
\fBsisiyaqd\fP checks periodically for new records and updates the
database. After every check it sleeps for number of seconds specified in the
SLEEP_SOCONDS parameter. The default values is 30.
.\" *********************** CONTROLLING sisiyaqd ****************************
.SH "CONTROLLING SISIYAQD"
.LP
\fBsisiyaqd\fP performs certain actions when it receives certain signals.
.TP 15
.B SIGHUP
causes a hard reconfiguration, which means that \fBsisiyaqd\fP re-reads 
the configuration file.
.TP
.B SIGQUIT
causes clean program termination.
.TP
.B SIGTERM
the same as SIGQUIT.
.TP
.B SIGUSR1
causes the \fBsisiyaqd\fP server process to print its configuration values via syslog.
.\" *********************** FILES ****************************
.SH FILES
.LP
.PD .1v
.TP 20
.B /etc/sisiyaqd.conf
default configuration file
.PD
.\" *********************** SEE ALSO ****************************
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.I "sisiyaqd.conf(5), sisiyad(8)"
.LP
.I "http://sisiya.sourcefourge.net"
.\" *********************** AUTHOR ****************************
.SH AUTHOR
Erdal Mutlu
.\" *********************** PRONUNCIATION ****************************
.SH PRONUNCIATION
sisiya

